♪♪
♪ Ben 10! ♪
Hmm.
There.
- Oh, that one - looks great, Gwen.
- It wasn't working, - but once I sat down
And really focused,
it all came together.
- This is fantastic, Gwen, - and look at that one.
-Oh, wow.
-Whoa.
- I can't wait - to get this back.
- I can't believe they just - want me to sit here and focus.
- We need to get - this train moving.
I got better things I could do.
I love this whole volunteer
spirit you guys have going on,
but you're taking forever.
How long does it take
to plant a garden?
I could go overflow and water
the whole place instantly,
or I could go four-arms
and use my super strength
to move all these
rocks, super easy.
Now, Ben, I know it's
tempting to want to rush
and finish things quickly,
but doing a job fast doesn't
mean you're doing a job well.
Good work takes patience.
- But then, - before you know it,
Your patience and hard
work will pay off.
[ Sighs ]
Ugh.
- Who needs patience - when you've got aliens.
I'll finish the work fast, and
then they'll have to thank me.
♪♪
What you two need is the
helping hands of Overflow.
Ben, wait.
It's a rock garden.
- It doesn't need - watering.
[ People scream ]
Slippity-slide, big boys.
Slippity-slide.
Stop making it rain,
Ben!
No need to thank me.
- It's all just part - of being a hero.
- I mean, you can - thank me a little.
I accept Sumo Slammer
cards, game cartridges.
Ben, you flooded
the entire garden.
What? No.
Whoa! Ah!
So what if I went a teeny,
tiny bit overboard?
At least we're all done.
Now we can go eat.
I'm starving.
I'm thinking waffles.
- No, Ben. The job - isn't complete until...
Ah, I know. I know.
The job isn't complete.
- There's still work - to be done.
- Can't a guy - catch a break?
I get no appreciation.
What was that?
Aah!
- Hey, your garden - is trying to eat me.
Really? It's just a...
Aah!
What did you do?
Me? Maybe your rocks
were too heavy.
-Whoa!
-My wheelbarrow!
Bessie, no!
Okay. Yeah. This is bad.
I've got it.
[ Both scream ]
Uh-oh.
Good thing I got the extra
ice makers this time.
[ People scream ]
Day saved!
- What? - You caused this.
I like to focus
on the positive, Gwen.
Grandpa, did you see
how I used my ice powers
to save those people?
Pretty cool, right?
- Wait, what's that? - Ben.
I don't even know where
that ice stuff comes from,
but that was so cool.
I was all, "Pew, pew, pew."
Yeah.
That was pretty cool, Ben.
[ Rumbling ]
Ben, look out!
I don't think that was all.
Tremble before new masters,
surface dwellers.
King Koil reclaimed this
world for the reptilioids.
- King Koil? - Isn't that...
That creepy lizard guy
from the reptile ridge.
Aah!
Easy, sister.
We have all the light
we want now.
We are on the surface
after all.
But where to start our kingdom?
What say you, sister?
Let us start conquest there.
Okay. Yes.
This actually is bad.
- And maybe if you - thought before you...
I already agreed
with you. Sheesh.
[ Horns honking,
[ car alarms blaring ]
Ugh. Why does my watch
run out of juice
- at the worst - possible times?
- It wouldn't be a problem - if you hadn't wasted
- All your powers - being impatient
At a patience-practice
garden installation.
- I got no time - for patience.
- -Oh, boy! - -Oh, boy!
[ Both scream ]
-Run! Run!
-Where? Where?
Duck!
You kids doing good?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Nice save, Grandpa.
- Where'd you learn - to drive like that?
- Oh, there's a lot you two - don't know about me.
- [ Laughs ] - -[ Chuckles nervously ]
Up there!
How does he keep that
thing under control?
King Koil is a snake
monster, not Dr. Animo.
- There's got - to be something.
- Well, while you - waste time thinking,
I'll figure out the weak
spots during the fight.
- No, Ben. - You keep jumping in
- Without waiting - for the right moment.
Everything is about
opportunity and timing
- and figuring out - King Koil's weakness.
Sure. Let's just wait.
Maybe he won't destroy the whole
town before you figure it out.
Sister, you obey me if we are
to conquer the surface.
Yes, obey.
- That's it! - His eyes...
They're syncing with
the monster's like before.
It's mind control.
- If we disrupt that, we can - use it to our advantage.
Ben, I know exactly
how we should...
Uh, yeah. He hopped out
like 2 minutes ago.
Yeah, yeah, the eyes. Heard it.
Weak spot, shmeek spot.
- Vine bombs are - everybody's weak spot.
And a one and a two.
♪♪
Heat varnish for scales.
What pleasure the
surface-dweller brings.
You think, too, sister?
They want chase?
Give them chase.
I test them now.
Don't worry, guys. I could
handle snakey-puss in my sleep.
[ Grunts ]
Uh-oh.
Incoming.
Okay. Didn't work as well
as I thought.
Time to change up my approach.
Eyes, Ben! Don't forget
his controlling eyes!
Yeah, yeah, eyes.
Got it.
Giant lizard pet
to ride is pretty cool.
Where do I get one?
Look.
Many surface dwellers.
All will do my bidding.
Hey, scaly, red means stop.
[ Crowd gasps ]
And the king
of the con is...
Uh...
A-ha!
Throne is mine.
All bow before new king.
-Whoa.
-This is so awesome.
Ah, well, sure.
There you have it, ladies,
gentlemen and wizard folk,
the new king.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yes, all will serve.
Your costume is incredible.
What do you call it?
[ Sniffing ]
I King Koil.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Praise new king of all.
I love you, King Koil!
You are first.
[ Crying ]
- Wildvine: Stay down. - No eating people.
Whoa, doggy.
Come back here.
Sister! Release her!
-Ah!
-Hey!
[ Both grunting ]
Oh, greenies.
- What are you doing - out of your hole, Koil?
You let us out,
shape-shifter.
You make flood,
make ground soft
for sister to dig to surface.
Now you're rewarded
with place as my servant.
Oh, that did not tickle.
Oh, hey.
Easy, girl. Okay.
No hard feelings about me
riding you, right?
Ben, he's right behind you!
-Who? Oh.
-Me.
You...
No. Ooh!
Oh!
- If I close my eyes, - I get hit,
And if I open them,
I get hypnotized.
Remember, patience, timing.
Right. Think first.
Thinking, thinking...
You wait for me.
Wise.
Now turn and face...
Yeah, yours only go
about 4 feet, though.
Mine go all the way to 10.
Peace, tranquility and thinking!
- I did all three! - Woo-hoo!
You were right, Gwen!
Patience really helped.
King Koil: Sister!
Oh, man. Some people don't
know when to quit.
[ King Koil growls ]
Guys, get in the Rust Bucket.
No more vine monster?
I thought of a plan.
[ Laughing evilly ]
Wait for it.
Ben, whatever you're
gonna do, do it fast.
Not yet. I need just
the right moment to end this.
-Ben, now!
-Not yet.
Not go back
below surface.
Will rule here.
Look into my eyes.
Heed my command.
Time for you
to go underground.
Go underground?
Go... go underground.
Go underground.
I can't believe
that actually worked.
That's definitely coming
out of your allowance.
Wow, Ben.
I'm impressed.
- Not only did you get - all of these volunteers
Together to fill the hole,
but the Zen rock arrangement
you made is really on point.
I'm glad you took a moment
to respect my artistry.
♪♪
Ugh.